hi yeah what is up I'm Ethan your
real-life English fluency coach and you
are here I guess because you want to
find fun ways to learn English and make
it a part of your life and that is our
mission every single week so be sure to
subscribe so we can join you on your
journey to English fluency and today I
have a really funny lesson to you in
today's scene the game from friends is
talking all about whether they would
rather live without sex or without food
this is a really funny one but if you
think it might be a little bit offensive
for you I get it we have a list of
lessons that might be more appropriate
for you just right up here and also in
today's lesson we are going to be
learning all about the second
conditional in English and we'll get
more into the details of this but just
to give you a quick reminder about this
the structure of it is if plus a verb
the subjunctive which in English is
usually the same as the past tense of
that verb and then would plus a verb in
the infinitive so just give you a quick
example and we'll see more in just a
little bit if I were you I would study
English with TV series because that way
you can have fun and learn real-life
English finally if you are like most
learners who get frustrated when you
can't understand fast speaking natives
then I have got an awesome solution for
you and that is our free three-part mini
course it teaches you what the funniest
ever seen from friends thousands of
learners like you have already enjoyed
this and you can learn more and sign up
by clicking right up here and without
any further ado I think it's about time
we jump in to today's hilarious lesson
with friends
[Music]
hmm this cake is amazing hmm oh my god
get a room I wouldn't get a room with
this cake I think I can show this cake a
good time if you had two what would you
give up food or sex sex seriously answer
faster sorry honey you know what she
said sex I wasn't thinking about sex
with you
it's like a giant hug rocks how about
you which would you give up sex or food
food
okay how about sex or dinosaurs oh my
god
it's like Sophie's Choice what about you
Jo what would you give up sex or food I
[Music]
don't know it's too hard food no sex
food sex food okay I don't know well god
I want girls on bread this cake is
amazing hmm
oh my god get a room get a room
I would get a room with this cake I
think I can show this cake a good time
get a room we use this expression when
two people are making PDAs
public displays of affection that is
doing or saying things that we believe
they should do or say in private to
Rachel the way Monica says this cake is
amazing sounds sexual so that's why she
replies get a room as if Monica were
talking to a person not food show this
cake a good time have a good time means
have fun and it doesn't necessarily have
a sexual connotation but depending on
the context to show someone a good time
can imply a sexual meaning example did
you have a good time at Disney World
she showed me a good time after the
party last night if you had two what
would you give up what would you give up
if you had two what would you give up
food or sex sex give something up to
quit something to stop doing or
consuming something example I've decided
to give up smoking if you had two what
would you give up this is a second
conditional sentence which we use to
talk about hypothetical or imaginary
situations the second conditional
follows the structure if you plus a verb
in the past
you would plus a verb in the infinitive
as in if we fought I would win
now what Phoebe says is an interrogated
second conditional sentence if you had
two what would you give up food or sex
another example with a similar structure
would be if you want a million dollars
what would you buy also did you notice
the pronunciation of would plus you in
American English this combination of D
plus y often morphs to a gym sound even
between words so depending on the
following vowel this can result in a
jump or jus sound although you do not
have to say it this way it is useful to
know to understand when a native is
using the conditional because often you
will hear would you or would you instead
of a clear would you as we see both
Phoebe and Rachel make when they ask the
question if you had two what would you
give up what would you give up if you
had two what would you give up food or
sex sex what about you Joe what would
you give up sex or food alone would you
give up sex or food what would you give
up sex or food all right now it's your
turn take a moment and write an example
with the second conditional down in the
comments below and we will actually be
correcting many of your answers
seriously answer faster
sorry honey know what she said sex I
wasn't thinking about sex with you it's
like a giant hug seriously an
exclamation or expression of disbelief
or surprise example seriously did you
tell them our secret seriously what were
you thinking answer faster at this point
in the series Chandler and Monica are a
couple so Chandler takes it personally
when she answered so fast and decisively
because that shows maybe he's not that
good in bed then Monica an intent to
make him feel better
clarified she meant sex in general but
all that does is make him feel even
worse because if that were true it would
imply she was thinking about sex with
other men here's what he says it's like
a giant hug which would be something
that makes him feel better but of course
he said that sarcastically honey a word
used to address your partner or someone
that you love or have an affectionate
relationship with for example your child
Ross how about you Ross how about you
which would you give up sex or food food
okay how about sex or dinosaurs sex or
dinosaurs Ross is an archaeologist that
is a scientist who studies ancient
things and he is obsessed with Dinosaurs
oh my god it's like Sophie's Choice
Sophie's Choice a famous drama starring
Meryl Streep about a Polish woman who is
a prisoner in a concentration camp
during the Second World War the
bone-chilling choice she had to make was
which of her two children to give to the
Nazis which he knew would end with the
child being killed and which to try to
help survive Ross's comments is
obviously an exaggeration Alan oh it's
too hard
get one now you got a pick one you got
to pick one pick is a synonym of Cheers
[Music]
mmm this cake is amazing
hmm oh my god get a room I wouldn't get
a room with this cake I think I can show
this cake a good time if you had to what
would you give up food or sex sex
seriously answer faster sorry honey you
know when she said sex I wasn't thinking
about sex with you
it's like a giant hug rocks how about
you which would you give up sex or food
food okay how about sex or dinosaurs oh
my god
it's like Sophie's Choice what about you
Jo what would you give up sex or food I
don't know it's too hard food no sex
food sex food yeah I don't know oh god
oh I want girls on bread all right an
awesome job today it is really important
that you take time like you did today to
learn English and what better way to do
it than with TV series right so if you
want to get that three-part mini course
that I told you about in the beginning
you can click right here I also highly
recommend you subscribe to our channel
because we would love to bring you more
lessons like this every week click here
to do that and be sure to catch another
one of our lessons that I think you'll
really enjoy click here thanks so much
for joining us today
now go out there and kick ass with your
English